README.md, before:

# library
Backend: Java 8, Spring Boot, SAX.
Front-end: bower, nodeJS, gulp, AngularJS, Material Design.

How start backend:  
1. clean + install library-common or library-common\install.bat
2. go to library-core/src/main/resources  
3. copy application.properties.example to application.properties if last doesn't exist
4. update params in application.properties
5. go to library-core
6. copy start.example.bat to start.bat if last doesn't exist and update <parameters> there
7. clean + spring-boot:run on library-core or library-core\start.bat
8. web-app should start on port 8083 (default port may be changed in application.properties)

How to prepare front-end:  
1. install npm  
2. npm install -g yo gulp  
3. go to library-web/web-app  
4. bower install  
5. npm install  

How to start front-end:  
1. go to library-web/web-app  
2. gulp serve  
3. front-end should start on port 3000

How to start parser:
1. clean + install library-common
2. go to library-scanner
3. copy start.example.bat to start.bat and update <parameters> there
4. clean + spring-boot:run on library-scanner (don't forget to add folder to scan in run configuration)
or
4. library-scanner\start.bat

Active functions (web):
1. Frontend with Main and Dashboard views  
2. Dashboard has "Refresh" button to get/update information from the specified folder. Folder is now hardcoded in application  
3. Dashboard has "Stop refresh" button to stop refresh  
4. Dashboard has "Enable debug messages" switch  
5. Footer has information about backend and data state  
6. Update stored files data in the .db file in the root of library  
7. Get the list of libraries on dashboard  
8. Select library on dashboard  
9. Update database on startup  
10. Backup db when library is initialized (max 10 items)

Active functions (scanner):
1. scan list of folders passed in command line

Logging properties (info by default) are in
- library-core\src\main\resources\log4j2.xml
- library-scanner\src\main\resources\log4j2.xml

Road-map:
1. Technical debt  
2. Move to one of DB frameworks
3. Refactor backend
4. Save scan result (MongoDB preferred)

Commit message:

Added application.properties to library-scanner Updated scanner service methods Updated README.md

README.md, after:

# library
Backend: Java 8, Spring Boot, SAX.
Front-end: bower, nodeJS, gulp, AngularJS, Material Design.

How start backend:  
1. clean + install library-common or library-common\install.bat
2. go to library-core/src/main/resources  
3. copy application.properties.example to application.properties if last doesn't exist
4. update params in application.properties
5. go to library-core
6. copy start.example.bat to start.bat if last doesn't exist and update <parameters> there
7. clean + spring-boot:run on library-core or library-core\start.bat
8. web-app should start on port 8083 (default port may be changed in application.properties)

How to prepare front-end:  
1. install npm  
2. npm install -g yo gulp  
3. go to library-web/web-app  
4. bower install  
5. npm install  

How to start front-end:  
1. go to library-web/web-app  
2. gulp serve  
3. front-end should start on port 3000

How to start parser:
1. clean + install library-common
2. go to library-scanner
3. copy start.example.bat to start.bat and update <parameters> there
4. go to library-scanner\resources
5. copy application.properties.example to application.properties if last doesn't exist
6. update params in application.properties
7. clean + spring-boot:run on library-scanner (don't forget to add folder to scan in run configuration)
or
7. library-scanner\start.bat

Active functions (web):
1. Frontend with Main and Dashboard views  
2. Dashboard has "Refresh" button to get/update information from the specified folder. Folder is now hardcoded in application  
3. Dashboard has "Stop refresh" button to stop refresh  
4. Dashboard has "Enable debug messages" switch  
5. Footer has information about backend and data state  
6. Update stored files data in the .db file in the root of library  
7. Get the list of libraries on dashboard  
8. Select library on dashboard  
9. Update database on startup  
10. Backup db when library is initialized (max 10 items)

Active functions (scanner):
1. scan list of folders passed in command line

Logging properties (info by default) are in
- library-core\src\main\resources\log4j2.xml
- library-scanner\src\main\resources\log4j2.xml

Road-map:
1. Technical debt  
2. Move to one of DB frameworks
3. Refactor backend
4. Save scan result (MongoDB preferred)
